XS✔ ◾ is RAG is good (#7798)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Rules.Content: rules/do-you-monetize-your-gpt-model/rule.md

## What makes a good custom GPT?

> Default ChatGPT is pretty good at a lot of things, but there are some limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenAI's ChatGPT 3.5 is pretty good at a lot of things, but there are some limitations.
```

> When you are considering a custom GPT, you should look at 3 main features or areas where your custom GPT can outshine default ChatGPT:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are considering a custom GPT, you must consider the following features to overcome the limitations of ChatGPT 3.5:
```
